Language design restructure (#47)
chhoumann/p4: Report/sections/2_design/language_design.tex

\chapter{Language design}\label{chap:language_design}

> This chapter details the design of \dazel. In the specification of \dazel{} in \secref{sec:initial_problem}, it was decided that the language should promote practical learning while providing visual feedback to the written code. On the account of this, the \dazel{} language will be designed as an interpreted language used to build video games. The benefit of interpretation is to have the ability to provide instant visual feedback to the user as changes within the source code is made. This pairs well with the overall ambition to create a language for constructing a game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the specification of \dazel{} in \secref{sec:initial_problem}, it was decided that the language should promote practical learning while providing visual feedback to the written code. On the account of this, the \dazel{} language will be designed as an interpreted language used to build video games. The benefit of interpretation is having the ability to provide instant visual feedback to the user as changes within the source code is made. This pairs well with the overall ambition to create a language for constructing a game.
```

It's in the chapter title.

> In order to provide a shared visual understanding of what a source program could look like, we first include a code sample of such a source program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we present an introduction to the \dazel{} language through an example. Code \snipref{lst:SampleScreen1} shows a piece of source code defining a \texttt{Screen} in \dazel{}.
```

In an effort to reduce *we* in the report. "We" means us (the authors) AND the reader.

Reviewer 2: First, we present an introduction to the \dazel{} language through an example. Code \snipref{lst:SampleScreen1} shows a piece of source code defining a \texttt{Screen} in \dazel{}.

Reviewer: Sure👍

    
            Line(TopLeft, TopRight, "Cliff.png");
            Line([2, 2], [2, 4], "Cliff.png");
    
            Square(position, size, "Cliff.png");
            Square([8, 8], 4, "Cliff.png");
        }
    
        OnScreenEntered
        {
            if Player.KilledEntity(Entity.Skeleton1) 
            {
                // Player has killed a specific entity so a new exit appears
                SetTile([4, 0], "Stair.png");
                Exit([4, 0], SampleScreen3.Exit1);
            }
        }
    
        OnUpdate
        {
            if Player.Position == [4, 4] 
            {
                // Player is standing on a specific tile so a new exit appears
                SetTile([4, 5], "Stair.png");
                Exit([4, 4], SampleScreen4.Exit1);
            }
        }
    
        Entities
        {
            SpawnEntity(Skeleton1, [4, 4])
        }
        
        Exits 
        {
            // Two different ways to create an exit
            // Specific tile(s) or whole screen side
            Exit1 = Exit([4, 0], SampleScreen2.Exit1);
            ScreenExit(Bottom, SampleScreen2);|\label{ScreenExitLabel}|
        }
    }
    \end{lstlisting}

> Code \snipref{lst:SampleScreen1} shows an example of a screen. A screen represents a single area within the game. Each of the functions used within the \texttt{Screen} block define the layout, what happens when the screen is loaded, and the entities that should be present as well as the exits of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A screen represents a single area within the game. Each of the functions used within the \texttt{Screen} block define the layout, what happens when the screen is loaded, and the entities that should be present as well as the exits of the screen.
```

If the suggestion before the code snippet is accepted, this one should too - it would be redundant to introduce the snippet twice.
